SOC - Security Operation Center.
    This is a place where security operations are managed from. A lot of the work being done here is handling incident reports.

OSINT - Open Source INTelligence.
    Information that is available through sources that are available to anyone.


CIA - Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability.
    All data (and cyber systems) must have the possibility of being confidential and have their integrity not be compromised whilst always being available.
        Confidentiality involes avoiding leaking data and only sharing it with people that are supposed to have access to it.
        Integrity has to do with avoiding that data is changed erroneously (can both be done by machines and hackers).
        Availability has to do with making sure that data is available and services are not interrupted. This is essentially related to having business continuity.

Cyber Security.
    This involves IT-security as well as information security and risk management. It can also involve business continuity and crisis management.

Prompt Injection.
    When a user gives a prompt that bypases existing guard rails. Often used in conjunction with - but not limited to - chatbots.

Access Control System.
    A systematic approach to determining who can read/write specific things. The "who" is usually called a "subject" and the thing that can be controlled by the subject is usually called an "object".

Asset.
    Something that has value or potential value for an organization.
        This could be data/information, individual machines (of all sorts and types), software, intellectual property, currency, hardware, people, business functions, services, etc.

Vulnerability.
    A weakness in an asset or a measurement that can be exploited by a threat actor.

Threat.
    A potential cause for an unwanted incident, that can result in damages done upon a system or an organization.

Impact.
    Consequence of an incident. Can be measured in cost, loss of reputation, human lives, data, time, etc.

Risk.
    Effect of uncertainty on an objective.
        In general, one could calculate the risc (maybe arbitrarily or just in abstract terms) by: risk = probability * impact.
        This measure could be altered by having potential mitigations. The risk can also be made more certain through wargames, etc.

Measure/Control.
    A measure that aims to reduce risc (either through making the probability or the impact lower).
        These measures can be preventive, detective or corrective.
